The application needs the following features 

1) Applicants can fill out an application form
  a) The application form can collect their first name, last name, email address, and zip code
2) Applicants are asked to submit a coding test after applying (Don’t worry about creating an actual test. A textbox with a submit button is fine.)
3) An administrator can view all submitted applications
  a) For each applicant, admins should be able to see their basic information as well their coding test, if they have submitted one
4) Administrators can accept/reject an applicant if and only if they have submitted a coding test

They said to not worry about authentication or permissions, but I don't see how I'd have a way around that 

 

How do I structure applications? 

DATABASE MODELS
  I could just make the user class have a username, email, and password
  And then make a separate applications model? 
  This application model would have firstname, lastname, email, and zip code 
    But would also need coding test submission
    This can just be a text field that takes information from a textbox
    And I only want the admins to be able to approve/not approve their applications if they have it 
    Also probably need an accepted boolean 
      This needs to be 3 valued 
      Actually, I can just allow null here 

  Or maybe I need an actual coding test class 
    - Then I can just associate it with each application 
    - This is probably the better choice, because it will allow for more maintanability (I assume they'll need to score the tests down the line)

    
  I'm probably going to need to define seeds 
  How do people become admins then? 

  Current tables 
  - USERS 
  - APPLICATIONS 
  - CODING_TESTS 


FRONTEND 
  I think I'm gonna do a React/Redux frontend just for practice 
  So I'll have the routes defined in the API namespace 
  And then this will function as a single-page application 
  What components will I need? 
    - Probably some kind of header 
    - Session form 
    - Coding test form
    - Applications index form 
      -- Have the rendering of this change depending on when they've submitted their coding test 
  
  How do people create admins? 
    Ummm uhhh
    I think I'll have the admins, then let other people worry about approving them 
    I think I'll just seed a sample admin, then have them send email links 
    How do I handle master admin? 
    Ummm uhhh this part is kinda hard 

  
So how do I do the admin logic?
  If a user is an admin, I could let them access different routes? 
  I could also render different buttons and stuff depending on if they're an admin 
  Yeah, that's how ima do it 
  I should probably have an admin panel or something that only shows up for admins 
  Lemme do that now
  So I should make a sign-up page if someone isn't logged in 
  I should also make a different page is someone is logged in 
  I should also have a different page for the admins...
  How do I control the logic for this? 

  I have three different landing pages I want displayed 
    - Logged in student 
    - Logged in admin 
    - Not logged in 

  Maybe I could have a master component, that returns one of three other components depending on the status? 
  Yeah, I like that 
  What do I call this? 
    Umm... Uhhh... 
    Controll logic? 
    Landing Page 